*The dull buzz of the alarm cuts like a knife. You open your eyes, and then close them again. It feels like you just laid down. It can’t possibly be morning already. Just five more minutes, surely. The alarm sounds again, and you curse all your ancient ancestors for unlocking the secrets of fire, wheeled locomotion and digital chronometers. You’re tired, so deeply tired, and you want to sleep in today. The alarm sounds yet again, and defeated, you surrender and haul yourself out of bed. You immediately bash your head on the ceiling of your bunk. You always forget. Your cabin is cramped like a prison cell, three and a half meters long, two meters wide and two meters tall, and it has to cram a bunk, a desk, storage bins, a personal console, a shower-toilet cubicle and your hardsuit locker into that space. You know what, scratch that prison cell thing – not even the cruelest brig designer would make a hole this cramped. But keep your perspective here: as far as this station goes, you live in luxury. You have all this space to yourself, your own shower and your own toilet. Most people in the Gate are living two to a room, and they all have to share the facilities with three other cabins. Thank goodness you know how to pilot a mech, right? That’s what gets you a whole seven square meters to call your own. You grope in the darkness for the light switch, and it flickers. Once, twice, three times, and you feel your heart sink in the split seconds of darkness, but then it flares to life, and you feel only a moment of relief. It took maintenance a week to fix the lights last time they did this. Something to worry about later. You grab your dataslate and check today’s work schedule. Yep, even though you’re a pilot, they can’t just have you sitting around idle on days you aren’t in the cockpit. There’s always something going wrong on the station, and you’ve presumably got a pair of hands that can hold a wrench. Today you’re on air filter duty with the rest of your fireteam – dirty, ugly work, little better than wastewater maintenance. Might as well not bother with the shower until you’re finished. You fish out a reasonably clean jumpsuit, clamber into it, then grab your sturdiest pair of work boots and start to lace up. Welcome, as they say, to another day in Hell.*

## BEAT 1 - ALL YE WHO ENTER HERE
You step out of your cramped little cabin, into another day full of backbreaking toil just to keep Hell’s Gate alive. Everything’s falling apart. The foundries run at lower efficiency every week. The heat management system is half a century past due for replacement. People report which part of the station they’re in by reading the error code off the nearest computer screen. The vent crab infestation is so bad some people have suggested just training them to show up for work shifts. There’s been power failures in Section 3B every day for a month. Oh, and last week, the printer broke, so there’s that. 

### RISE AND SHINE 
Start by introducing the players to Hell’s Gate – it will be their characters’ home for most of the campaign, so they should get familiar with it. The PCs have lived here long enough to get recruited into the station militia’s Strategic Response Team, so have them play out a few scenes and vignettes showcasing the station, their characters, and the relationship between both. 

### STATION OVERVIEW 
Hell’s Gate consists of a swarming maze of material processing facilities about seven kilometers long, capped on each end by a docking bay and a rotating habitation ring. Directions on Hell’s Gate are usually referred to in reference to “fore” and “aft,” referring to the forward and rear docking bays and hab rings. The fore of the station was supposed to point in the general direction of whatever it was mining, ideally with the aft pointing away from Stygia’s gravity well. The last time the station had its facing adjusted was an emergency maneuver more than half a century ago, and nobody knows if it would survive a repeat performance. Mag-train lines run the length of the mid-station, allowing quick transport of goods and personnel across the station. It usually takes about twenty minutes for a mag-train to go from fore to aft, stopping at every terminal, but a militia emergency override can get you anywhere on the track in just under five minutes. Jerry frowns on misuse of this privilege. There are safe thoroughfares for “on-foot” personnel, but rare is the Gater who wants to travel seven kilometers in zero-g unassisted. The station was designed back when mechanized chassis were first becoming common, and so there are specially-rated train cars large enough to carry four Size 1 mechs or two Size 2 mechs. Size 3 mechs weren’t a thing at the time, but you can just about squeeze one of them into a car if it’s lying down. Since mechs aren’t usually needed outside the docking bays, the mech cars aren’t used often. The hab rings are just over 1400 meters in diameter, rotating at 1.1 rotations per minute. The rings spin oppositionally, clockwise from the perspective of someone looking out of their associated docking bay. This motion is tuned to provide a more or less perfect 1g of artificial gravity, although it’s fast enough that some sensitive individuals (mostly visitors) get motion sickness, or “the spins.” Directions on the rings are “spin” and “antispin,” with “down” pointing outwards from and “up” pointing inwards to the axis of spin. The rings are divided into three decks, with the upper deck being dedicated mostly to agricultural spaces and grow houses, the middle deck to habitation and business and the lower deck to maintenance and life support. Hell’s Gate has several kinetic and directed-energy weapons mounted on turrets across its hull, designed to give full coverage against encroaching debris, rock fragments and micrometeoroids. Although they aren’t officially rated for the purpose, they can also put holes in pirate mechs and subline vessels if need be. The station used to have a long-range mining laser mounted above the fore docking bay, but during the Demon Winter of 4992, the Hell Hounds stole it as they fled. Andros Capella mounted it on a turret at Fort Cerberus as a directional superweapon. The Gate maintains its own omninode, allowing station residents to access the omninet in real time, rather than relying on light-speed delayed broadcasts from the Union Neutral Omninode near Calliope’s star. The station also has a backup internal communications grid that uses rotary-dial telephones and teleprinters. It’s not cutting-edge, but it’s reliable, impossible to jam and stays operational even during station-wide blackouts. [54] [55] 

### LOCATIONS 
#### FORWARD DOCKING BAY 
The Gate’s forward docking bay (colloquially, “the Mouth”) was meant to be oriented towards whatever the station was currently mining, but that was a long time ago. Mining vessels would arrive, drop off their raw ore, refuel and leave for another run while the ore was funneled into the station’s cavernous refineries. At its peak, the station was sending out five or six ships every day. Nowadays it’s lucky to get a couple out in a week. 

FORWARD HAB RING 
The forward hab ring is by far the least well-maintained of the two, a fact that rankles the station’s Miners Union something fierce given that most of them live there. It’s still airtight, but there’s leaks in both the potable and waste water lines and the various grow-houses and hydroponics farms are pinched by materials shortages that don’t seem to hit the aft ring as hard. Jerry’s not blind to these problems, though; he lives here too. 

INDUSTRIAL SECTOR 
The middle of the station is occupied by a long tangle of refineries, smelters, foundries and chemical plants. With all units online and functioning at peak efficiency, Hell’s Gate could render tens of thousands of tons of ore per hour into metal ingots, gravel, graphene and fullerenes. Nowadays, it’s barely operating 8%, and those aren’t working even close to peak due to staff shortages and a lack of maintenance. If Jerry hadn’t given himself a stomach ulcer negotiating with IPS-N for replacement parts, it’d be 4%, if that. OPS Part of the aft midstation is set aside for the Gate’s operations division. The station’s bridge is here, along with its omninode, primary reactor array, mainframes and harbor control. Aside from Central Fabrication, this is the most secure and well-armored part of the station. 

CENTRAL FABRICATION 
This area houses the Gate’s Schedule 2 printer (Union certification 126 years out of date). There’s always a backlog of at least five to eight days on medium-priority orders, and a month minimum for low. High-priority orders (such as the PCs’ mechs) go through within hours, to the ire of whoever got bumped. What’s left of Jerry’s Sherman Mk. I, the Severance Pay, lies nearby, half-in half-out of the wall and swathed in cables. Its coldcore is currently being used as an auxiliary power source. 

MECH BAY 
Between the aft docking bay and Central Fabrication there’s a large hangar dedicated to the storage and maintenance of the militia’s mechanized chassis, including those belonging to the PCs. Except in emergencies, combat-rated mechs are not permitted anywhere else on the station. AFT HAB RING More comfortable than the forward hab ring, the aft hab ring plays host to most of the station’s operational staff and acts as accommodation for the few guests and tourists the Gate receives. Unless they explicitly desire otherwise, all militia pilots – including the PCs – live here. At the very least, Jerry ensures the station’s defenders live comfortably. 

MILITIA MEMORIAL WALL 
A large wall in one of the aft ring’s public plazas has been dedicated as a place of remembrance to all those who died in the defense of Hell’s Gate. Every single militia member killed in action has an individual plaque engraved with their name, and there’s usually a little holo-widget displaying pictures of the deceased as well. Six new names have been added so far this year, all killed by the Hell Hounds. Andros Capella killed two of them himself, and is looking to up those numbers. 

DIRECTOR’S OFFICE 
At one point in time, the Gate’s executive suite was a marvel of orbital decor. Situated in the aft hab ring, it was functional and stylish. It had real wood paneling and leather seats, gold inlay and paintings on the walls; not originals, of course, but high-quality reproductions. Lush houseplants flanked a viewscreen displaying the station. It even had a carpet. The wood was stripped out a century ago. The leather seats deteriorated beyond use. The inlay was recycled for circuitry repairs decades back. The paintings were sold to some casino on the Icebreaker just before Jerry took over, and Jerry has no time to look after plants. All that remains is a desk and endless piles of paperwork. It’s a sad, tired room for a sad, tired man. 

BRIEFING ROOM 
A bare chamber with a bunch of folding chairs, a holographic projector and a desk. The lights in here flicker sometimes, but the projector doesn’t, suggesting it’s wired into a better circuit. Jerry briefs the militia in here when their mission requires a more in-depth explanation than “please go shoot these pirates.” Jerry insists this room is a “no snack zone,” a prohibition no member of the militia has ever obeyed. 

AFT DOCKING BAY 
The Gate’s aft docking bay (there’s a nickname for it, not said in polite company) handles the majority of the station’s space traffic, and was intentionally designed as such. The station’s designers imagined a bustling flight deck, with dozens of freighters passing in and out each day. That vision turned out as much of a joke as the bay’s nickname. The team’s personal corvette, the Dragon’s Tooth, is usually stationed here.



ADDITIONAL NPCS 
This table contains some of the colourful characters the PCs can find around Hell’s Gate on any given day. 

1-2 CERULEAN ENCELADUS 
The galaxy’s eighteenth most popular nu-retro-stasiscore musician. It’s not a very profitable gig, so he’s also the station’s fence. Everyone knows, nobody’s fooled, but Jerry doesn’t take any action because he’s also the only one on the station who can reliably source decent coffee. 

3-4 BOSS TEKA ASHENAFI 
The leader of the Hell’s Gate Miners Union. Ashenafi has issues with Jerry’s management; namely, that a whole lot of the discretionary budget gets spent on the militia (which includes the PCs). He argues – not without merit – that the miners do the only work that generates real revenue for the station, but they don’t see anywhere near enough of the profits. He doesn’t hold a grudge against the PCs, but he’s not exactly friendly, either. 

5-6 ZIJAD AL-BASSA 
A technician in the station’s mech bay. Suspected to be a member of HORUS or Horizon, although it’s unclear which. Engages in lengthy philosophical dialogues regarding the sentience of COMP/CON units, often with COMP/CON units – who, curiously enough, always seem to agree with him. 

7-8 DR. TUULA VANHATALO 
The Gate’s chief medical officer and one of its few officially licensed doctors. Perpetually busy. She has several diplomas on her wall, displaying her medical qualifications. Each of them has her picture, but was awarded to a different name, none of which are Tuula Vanhatalo. If she’s ever addressed by any of them, she’ll startle. 

9-10 MIKAELA OMNIDOCUMENT-FORMAT 
Mikaela is a body-modification enthusiast who’s had a lot of work done. She’s usually browsing new mods on her cool augmented reality interface (you should get one!), and will constantly make recommendations to the PCs, or anyone else who’ll listen. Astute observers will notice that every mod she brings up is produced by an SSC subsidiary not usually available in the Long Rim. Often stands for long periods as if in a trance, seemingly unaware that she’s doing it. 

11-12 TARNVEER “PRINTLOAF” MALIK 
A member of the station militia who (on a dare, and against their own better judgement) asked Shelly to give them a callsign. Has resented Shelly ever since. They run a highly profitable side-gig selling stims, mostly to other militia members; they’ve definitely offered to hook the PCs up before. Pilots an IPS-N Lancaster with a muscular, scantily-clad man painted on the side, named Cock-A-Doodle-Doo. 

13-14 STEEPLE 
A hydroponics tech with a heavily scarred face and a large Mirrorsmoke Mercenary Company tattoo on his back. Terrible with people, but an absolute virtuoso with plants. Is the only reason anyone on the station ever gets to eat tomatoes. Always seems to be anemic. 

15-16 SAMORN PATALUNG 
The kind, motherly proprietor of Happy Noodle, generally agreed to be the best noodle bar on the station. Most of the station thinks she’s a genius, on account of her ability to make vent crab meat taste of something. It’s an open secret that her establishment is a hangout for local HORUS elements, whom she affectionately calls “the dorks.” 

17-18 BARTENDER MOTHERFUCKER 
The subaltern bartender of GMS_GENERIC_BAR, and the end result of a long series of in-jokes so dense as to be impossible to explain. Mixes an unrivalled Standard-Pattern GMS Margarita. Due to software defects endemic to Calliope COMP/CON units, BARTENDER is indefatigably upbeat and chipper at all times and in all circumstances, even when commiserating or offering condolences. 

19-20 ARGUS CHARON 
PLACEHOLDER

DAILY LIFE 
The station that would one day be named Hell’s Gate was built on dreams of exploiting a vast bounty of mineral wealth, but the market for its wares slowly dwindled to nothing. The company that owned it pulled out a century and a half ago, and for a century and a half it’s been a home for anyone who couldn’t afford to live anywhere else. Life’s hard here, but it’s still life, and it’s life without a high price tag or constant expectations. No matter how cold or unfriendly the directors of Hell’s Gate were, there was always one rule they never broke: nobody on the Gate has to pay to survive. If you’re absolutely flat broke, there’s a warm bunk, printloaf and clean water. Jerry hasn’t been a perfect administrator, but to this day he’s always managed to deliver on this one essential promise, no matter the cost to himself. No Gater can afford to be idle, though. Something’s always going wrong somewhere, and everyone pulls work shifts, even the militia, even members of the Strategic Response Team – and that means the PCs. The most important day-to-day tasks on the station are maintenance, mining and food production, and Jerry has tried his level best to provide them with the funding, materials and equipment they need to do their jobs. The station functions on Cradle Standard Time (or as close to it as possible), with a fourteen-hour day and ten-hour night cycle. Shelly assembles daily work schedules, and works out which tasks need to be assigned to whom. Depending on the task and its required manpower, shifts range from four to twelve hours in length. Shelly tries to ensure nobody works more than twelve hours at once or eighteen hours in a two-day period, but due to the shortage of qualified staff for certain tasks, she can’t always accommodate. The Gate has its own local currency: “ingots.” They’re flexible plastic notes shot through with metal. The value of an ingot depends on which metal is used in their production, and each ingot bears the likeness of the station director who issued their printing. There’s a print for Jerry, but he hasn’t had any made yet. Most petty transactions on the station are done using ingots, given that denominations like “ten-thousandths of a Manna” are difficult to work with. Through longstanding agreement, ingots are legal tender at other settlements in the system, although Impact Dynamics has been given increasingly low exchange rates lately. Anything that isn’t bought is traded for, and there’s a complex system of bartering, trust and favor exchange. It seems bewildering to outsiders, but after a few months of living there, you tend to get a feel for it: you can’t explain why a data storage card is worth three spice packets when it’s a friend asking and five when it’s a stranger, but it feels correct. On their time off, Gaters tend to be innovative and improvisational. Those who can’t afford to take a holiday on the Icebreaker tend to band together to find their own fun: “If you need a place to drink, there’s Aminata’s Saloon and GMS_GENERIC_BAR on the aft, and the fore has On the Rocks and Sol’s Bar and Grille. If you like sports, there’s a gravball court in one of the shuttered refineries, and it’s… mostly safe. “Clubs? Well, it’s nothing like the Icebreaker, but you can go to La Porte De L'Enfer or Never the Two Shall Meet if you want to be miserable. Steer clear of Transgressions unless you’re, uh… into stuff. If you’re not depressed or kinky, your options are sort of limited, but The Dockyard has decent music and the drinks aren’t too overpriced. “There’s video game tournaments every night at Sal’s Slate Shop, so long as the power’s on. If you like music, there’s a makeshift concert hall right next to the dispensary, although the water isn’t always steady there so take a bathroom break first. And if you’re religious, those odd firebird people set up a nondenominational house of worship in that old growhouse in section A3-27.” – Ayanda Delwayo, aeronautics engineer Hell’s Gate also plays host to a unique form of urban exploration: Gaters call it “cubbying.” The station hasn’t matched its original blueprints for decades – it probably didn’t when it was built. So much has been torn down and rebuilt or stolen that there's places and things in the station nobody knows about. On the other side of sealed bulkheads, behind keypads no-one remembers the combination for, through crawlspaces that haven’t been opened for a century, there are secrets waiting to be unearthed. Jerry has officially banned cubbying as a safety hazard, but he can’t really enforce it. In terms of politics, Hell’s Gate leans more towards the Horizon Collective than HORUS. This is in large part because Horizon has an active presence here helping people, but also because HORUS is associated with two of the system’s major pirate groups. The Circuit is openly a HORUS cell, but the Hell Hounds have also received funding from the Cousins, the strongest HORUS presence elsewhere in the Long Rim. Hell’s Gate has a PLACEHOLDER [62] SCENES FROM THE GATE 1-2 A team of stevedores yell in alarm as a cable on a cargo hoist gives way, spilling an entire pallet of crates onto the ground. 3-4 A militia pilot tells stories of their most recent battle against pirates to a couple of folk at a bar. It’s funny, though; you were in that fight, and they’re taking credit for things you or one of your teammates did. 5-6 A customer and the proprietor of a food stall exchange a deafening series of insults, profanities and curses, before cordially agreeing on a price as if nothing happened. They do this every day. 7-8 A pair of wrenchies bicker over different interpretations of the Duality. The guts of the power distributor they’re supposed to be fixing lie strewn around them, forgotten. 9-10 A work crew shuffles into a cafe after a shift, exhausted. The barista already has every single one of their orders ready, and is calling out names as they step in the door without even looking. 11-12 A furloughed mining crew loiters around an intersection, singing an old Long Rim work song. Most of them aren’t great singers individually, but put them together and they can belt. 13-14 A wake is being held for a recently passed resident of the station, and as is tradition, any property they didn’t leave to friends or family is being handed out to strangers. It’s considered rude not to take something. 15-16 A child giggles in delight as they ride around on the shoulders of a subaltern, which halts work every so often to politely request that the child stop climbing on them. 17-18 A timid mech tech shyly explains their job to someone who’s quite clearly attracted to them. Every so often, their timidness falls away as they get really into what they’re talking about, which just makes their companion more interested. 19-20 A hydroponic gardener who’s supposed to be selling her apples is just handing them out to a crowd of grateful children. You notice a wily one sneaking some ingots into her pocket anyway. EQUIPMENT Non-license weapons and systems available to pilots out of Hell’s Gate are often repurposed mining and salvage tools, or entirely novel ad-hoc inventions made to fill a specific niche. The following equipment can be handed out as personal rewards from grateful residents of Hell’s Gate, or by Jerry and Chief McElroy. Bronco Hook Auxiliary Melee, Exotic Gear, AP, Thrown 5 [a1] [1 i] On hit: the Bronco Hook sticks in the target. You may retrieve the Bronco Hook by any means you would retrieve a thrown weapon, and when you do, the target takes 1iAP. If you or the target move away from each other by any means, they take this damage and the Bronco Hook automatically returns to you. On miss: the Bronco Hook automatically returns to you if it was thrown. This appears to be a jury-rigged magnetic accelerator, designed to make tether points on asteroids by driving mech-scale pitons into them. Rule of thumb is if it can pierce a meter of asteroid rock, it can pierce ten centimeters of mech armor. Rebound Pulse Mineral Scanner 1 SP, Exotic Gear, Unique, Quick Tech 1/mission, you may activate this system to SCAN every character in a c7 area, then apply LOCK ON to the character with the most current HP. All hostile characters in the area also lose HIDDEN. A simple piece of tech found on almost every mining ship, modified to provide an effective battlefield reconnaissance tool. Its minimum safe stand-off distance is several hundred kilometers; anything less, and the ping-back is loud enough to blow out the antenna. The Grabber Heavy Melee, Exotic Gear [a2] [2d6i] On hit: you and your target each roll a contested HULL check. If you win the contested roll, your target is knocked PRONE. A standard piece of equipment found on mining and salvage rigs throughout the system; its official product name is the IPS-N Mechanized Chassis Remote Handling Tool, but that’s boring as hell, so most folks call it “the Grabber.” Not much work is needed to repurpose it to grab mechs instead of asteroids. Please note that such modification will void the warranty. [63 ] PILOT GEAR The following equipment represents some of the gear available to spacers and pilots in Calliope. IPS -N “Ahab” Grapple/Tether Line Gear, Limited 3 “You ever get the feeling nobody at IPS -N spends any time thinking about the names they give to things? Like, either I don’t read, so I don’t get the reference, or I do and I realize they named a survival tool after a dude who’s famous exclusively for getting dragged to his death tied to a whale.” You may expend a charge to shoot a hook at a character, object or free space up to b 5 away from you. You are attached to the hook by a tether, and cannot move or be moved further than five spaces away, unless you teleport, in which case the tether snaps. If the hook moves more than five spaces away, you are dragged along with it. As a quick action, you can reel yourself in, flying to the hook or as close to it as possible. This movement ignores engagement and doesn’t provoke reactions. You can detach from the tether as a full action. You can also retrieve a hook and tether that you are adjacent to as a full action, restoring a charge. Scramble Grenade Gear, Limited 1 This is actually a high -power, short -range distress beacon meant to help search -and -rescue teams locate astronauts who’ve been thrown into space. Some asshole discovered that if you jam a bunch of escape characters into the broadcast signal and overvolt the transmitter, you can make unshielded electronics shit themselves. It fries itself after a few seconds, a fate many wrenchies have wished upon its inventor. Expend a charge for the following effect: • Scramble Grenade (Grenade, b5, f 1): Affected characters without the BIOLOGICAL tag must succeed on a SYSTEMS save against 10 + your GRIT or become JAMMED until the end of their next turn.

## COMBAT: A FACE TO A NAME

*What tiny fragments remain of Andros Capella’s chassis drift lazily through the docking bay. All that’s left of the man is a carbon-black scorch mark on the deck plating. It takes you a moment to realize what you’ve done: you’ve killed the leader of one of Calliope’s most notorious pirate gangs. Processing the consequences of that will have to wait, though, as Siren contacts you again. SIREN: “Marines! whatever you just did, the pirates are peeling off, retreating – and we should too! I’m reading a massive thermal build-up in the ship’s drive core!”*

#### FOLLOWING UP 
The PCs have enough time to return to the Dragon’s Tooth, but give them a sense of urgency. If they want to grab more salvage, loot or intelligence from the Tachyon, make them roll a skill trigger. Emphasize the urgency of the situation; Siren makes increasingly desperate pleas for the PCs to return to the Dragon’s Tooth. Alarms start to sound across the Tachyon; the deck plating starts to rattle and dislodge. If the PCs attempt to override this process and halt the jump, they’ll discover they can’t: an administrative lockout is in effect. Voice authorization from Lead Researcher Jeanette Mkondo and Captain Stefan D’Antillio is required to override the lockout. Jeanette Mkondo can be found in the fabrication room (she’s the floating corpse), but Stefan D’Antillio is not presently aboard the vessel. You barely have time to strap yourself in before Siren sounds the hard-maneuver alarm. “Everybody hold onto your butts!” There’s a tremendous weight on your chest as the engines kick in, pressing you back into the chair. You close your eyes and struggle to breathe. Even with the aid of your hardsuit, you can barely move your fingers. The burn feels like it lasts forever. Grey starts to creep in around the edges of your vision. And then it’s done. It’s over. You’re through. You’re still accelerating at about two gees of thrust, but that’s far more manageable. You’re able to glance around the cabin, check on your fellow team members, look at your ship’s external feeds. There’s a moment of calm. Far behind you, the Tachyon and the Weasel are just a speck, barely visible against the darkness of space. Then there is a silent flash of blinding light. The Tachyon is gone – and with it, its secrets, the Ardent Weasel, and whatever dust remains of Andros Capella. Give the PCs a moment to reflect on all they’ve just witnessed before they start the long journey back to Hell’s Gate.


## DOWNTIME 1 - DRINKS ARE ON ME

It takes another two weeks to return to Hell’s Gate. By then, the news is all over the system: Andros Capella is dead, and the PCs killed him. It doesn’t matter if that’s not what actually happened – the people of Calliope saw the PCs and Andros Capella walk into that ship, and only the PCs walked out. The Hell Hounds have sworn revenge for their slain leader, but rumor has it they’re in serious disarray and in no position to make good on those threats. Getting the printer part to the station relieves an immense amount of pressure, alleviating the many precarious shortages the station was experiencing. Tick a segment on the Station Stability clock. Additionally, if the clock has four or more segments filled, Jerry is able to set aside a little something as thanks for the players. The PCs gain Jerry’s Care Package, which they can use later, in Chapter 2. Jerry’s Care Package Favors, Limited 2 A bunch of Icebreaker currency, a few backstage passes, a case of Elysian champagne, a scrawled note containing the passphrases to several of the “niche interest” clubs and VIP tickets to the next championship mech bout. Kick your feet up and relax. You deserve it! Expend a charge when you’re on the Icebreaker and not in immediate danger. You can take a Downtime Action appropriate to the situation, right now. Regardless, the players are able to undertake a FULL REPAIR now that the printer is running again, and with a moment to breathe, they can take a downtime action. At some point, Jerry signs some requisition forms and the PCs advance to LICENSE LEVEL 1. Run a few vignettes to explain how they get their new gear. Encourage the PCs to spend time around Hell’s Gate, building on relationships they developed over the course of the chapter. The Gate, now in much better repair and under far less strain on its resources, is fully open to them. Given the tenuous situation with the pirates, however, Jerry still won’t authorize unescorted trips off the station. If the PCs need reserves, there’s places on Hell’s Gate they might get them. Jerry, Chief McElroy or Zinfandel aren’t exactly flush with spare supplies, but they’d certainly be willing to do a few favors for the people who saved the station. The Horizon Collective has a subaltern clinic on the aft hab ring, and they always seem to be well-stocked. There’s a thriving grey market among the militia, and there’s always traders in port who might have something you’re looking for. If nothing else, you can always go trawling through the junk-yards and trash-heaps – it’s not dignified or hygienic, but even in space, people throw an awful lot of useful stuff away. 

### HELL’S GATE DOWNTIME ACTIVITIES 
Here are some downtime actions specific to Hell’s Gate that the PCs can undertake now, or whenever they have downtime on the station. You can also create your own using these or the ones in Lancer or The Long Rim as starting points. 





# END OF CHAPTER 1