HE/HIM THE HOUND OF HELL 

> “Man walks into a grocery store, asks for a can of beans. Guy at the counter says ‘hey, didn’t I sell you a can of beans twenty minutes ago?’ Man says ‘yeah, but it got all dented.’ Guy at the counter asks ‘how’d it get dented?’ Man says ‘well, I was cavin’ in some shmuck’s skull with it.’ Guy at the counter asks ‘why the hell were you cavin’ in a guy’s skull with a can of beans?!’ Man says ‘well, what was I supposed to do when he wouldn’t give me his can opener?’ So, guy at the counter says ‘well, can’t you just eat the beans outta the dented can?’ Man says ‘buddy, do I look like a savage to you?’” – Andros Capella 

What could drive a man to desire the end of all things? Andros Capella has no answers, and needs none. Andros Capella believes in nothing. Do not mistake this for a lack of belief in anything: that’s a passive quality. Andros Capella believes in nothing; he’s an active and enthusiastic proponent of the idea that nothing matters, there is no intrinsic value to any entity and that any attempt to imbue meaning is futile. Things that give him a dopamine hit are good; anything else is worthless. Does he have a story, a reason why he? Probably. We could waste time wondering whether Andros Capella had an unhappy childhood and an unkind father, or whether he had a wife and kids at some point who are no longer in the picture. Maybe he had a drinking problem. Maybe he struggled to make ends meet. But none of it matters, because there are hundreds of thousands of people in Calliope with stories just like his, and none of them became gleeful mass murderers. No past could possibly justify what he’s become, and to imply otherwise is an insult to victims of trauma. Most of all, whatever Capella’s past is, it’s as much of a joke to him as everything else; he tells different stories at different times, because it’s funny to watch people sympathize or recoil in horror. It’s a trolling tactic, a way to waste people’s time; he doesn’t care, but he loves making others care. It’s hilarious. The only important factors in his past as far as Calliope is concerned is that he used to run a bar on Hell’s Gate, from which he operated the Hell Hounds, the most infamous group of moonlighter pirates in the system’s history. When they were finally exiled, he turned them into the most infamous group of sunlighter pirates in the system’s history. He has been a plague on the system’s space lanes for twenty-four long years. He's declared himself the Gate’s Public Enemy Number One, and done his level best to live up to that title. In the entire history of the Hell’s Gate volunteer militia, the leading cause of death amongst its membership is encountering a member of the Hell Hounds. Of the Hell Hounds, Andros Capella has the highest kill count, both overall and of Hell’s Gate militia members. Andros is mean-spirited, sadistic, short-tempered and prone to outbursts of explosive anger. It’s difficult to tell whether he just delights in making other people uncomfortable and afraid, or if he genuinely doesn’t understand the way he comes off. At the start of the campaign, Andros Capella is by far the most serious threat to the players. He dies at the end of the first mission. Andros recently encountered a problem: he let Ignatius Aurum preach his hokey religion to the Hell Hounds, and now enough of them have converted to threaten mutiny. Capella wants Aurum gone, but can’t just kill him. Aurum agrees to leave in return for a favor: find an impossible ship, and return it. The players find it first, and in the ensuing fight, Andros is killed. Andros is a character whose presence should be felt even when he’s absent: there are few people more hated or feared throughout the system. There are few things and places in the system not touched in some way by his actions. Taking him out alters the landscape of Calliope in profound ways, most of them good. For the vast majority of people in Lancer, death is the end, but Capella is exceptionally lucky. He has the good fortune to die in a very particular place in a very particular way: consumed by a pillar of flame in the belly of an impossible ship, the former prison of a creature that now believes itself to be an embodiment of death, life and rebirth…