HE/HIM SPEAKER FOR THE ONE 

“A world that winks at genocide doesn’t get to say ‘aw shucks, we’re real sorry, but trust us, we’ll do better next time.’” – Ignatius Aurum 

What could drive a man to desire the end of all things? Ignatius Aurum has a worryingly good answer. Ignatius was not born to his current name, and he will be the first to admit it; rather, he says, he was reborn to it. Born fifty years ago on the Diasporan planet of Nestor (p. 35), Liddell Ross was a witness to all the cruelties of late-stage capitalist society: poverty, deprivation, resource wars, environmental catastrophe, mass incarceration, racism, homophobia, transphobia and the commodification of every aspect of culture in service of the rich. He watched it all, and in defiance he became an activist, and eventually, a revolutionary. Liddell was one of the Council of Thirty, leadership of the Coalition of Nestorian Citizens, who sent an appeal to Union’s Central Committee, begging them to intercede against the Forefront. It took two years for CentComm to decide Nestor was worthy of its help, two years in which the Coalition’s actions were brutally punished all across Nestor, even though Union knew time was of the essence and their fleet would take a decade to arrive once they were dispatched. Then the Albatross came, and in their biggest series of strategic blunders to date, handed their great war machines and the technology to build more of them over to the Forefront on a silver platter. When Union finally arrived, twelve years after the Coalition’s plea, the ensuing conflict tore Nestor to pieces. Every weapon the Forefront could wield was brought to bear, against Union, against the Albatross, against Nestor’s own people; nobody was spared. The Forefront rained death on any who dared oppose them. Union won in the end; of course it did. Against a galactic superpower, the Forefront never really stood a chance. But Nestor had lost millions of its people to famine, to disease, to war and to the Forefront’s camps. Union wanted the eight known surviving members of the Council of Thirty to help form an interim government, but Liddell wasn’t among them; he’d long since fled. He spent his next few years on Cradle, researching humanity’s history, and it was then he encountered his second great trauma: learning that all of this had happened before, almost verbatim. His struggle was a vivid echo of a struggle people just like him had been fighting for millennia. When he learnt that Union had done its own share of colonialism and fascist violence not too long ago, he could no longer stand living there either, and went into self-imposed exile in the Long Rim. No-one else knows Liddell Ross and Ignatius Aurum are the same person. He'd never imagined getting back into religion; as far as he was concerned, no being that would allow Nestor to happen was worthy of worship. But something about the Faith of the One’s creed made sense to him: a universe that by its natural laws allowed so much as the possibility of the cruelty he’d seen was fatally flawed, had no right to exist, and ought to be replaced. Then, seeing a likely recruitment prospect, the Inner Cult told him that they could make it happen. He had no trouble believing them; he’d seen the apocalyptic chaos of the Nestorian Intervention. He’d seen reality torn to pieces by a cascading NHP. He’d seen a tachyon lance vaporize its target a split-second before it was fired. It was easy enough to believe there was technology that could rewrite the order of the universe. His skill as a public speaker served him well in his public role as a priest and evangelist, while his experience navigating backroom deals and clandestine affairs on the Council of Thirty proved a perfect fit for the Inner Cult’s activity. He quickly rose through the ranks of both the public and secret spheres of his life. Still, through all of it, there was a quiet, gnawing doubt in his heart. After having every hope and faith in his life taken from him, after having every belief he’d ever held revealed as a lie, he lived in constant fear that this too would be taken from him. That fear, that his faith was false and that he was working to uproot the world for nothing, was palpable even in his sermons. But then Feather came. Ignatius Aurum is no longer afraid.