Millions of people live in Calliope, possibly even tens of millions. That might not seem like much, given the trillions out there in the galaxy, but it’s plenty big for the Long Rim – a lot of systems don’t top a hundred thousand. And like the rest of the Long Rim, there are people here from everywhere. Folk come to Calliope from all walks of life and from every conceivable place. There are former Metropolitans from Cradle and Tau. There are excolonists from the Dawnline Shore, and refugees from Boundary Garden. There are Sparri, and there are people from all the Houses of the Karrakin. There are people from a thousand worlds, from Unkulukulu in the Malutis to Cadair Idris in the Cascades. Even the Aun are here, exiles of the Ecumene rubbing shoulders with citizens of the Ascendancy. There are also plenty of people who were born here, whose families lived here for generations, all the way back to the first-wave colonists – and those ancestors came from a thousand different worlds, too. All this considered, not much stock is put in the question “are you from around here,” but they care a lot about the question “are you here to help?” Lots of people came to Calliope from all sorts of fancy places, but it doesn’t matter one bit so long as they knuckle down and help with the daily struggle of keeping things running. Being born in Calliope doesn’t make you special, and proudly boasting about being descended from first-wave colonists just means you’ve got two massive rubes in your family tree. There’s an empathy to Calliopeans, despite everything – most understand struggle, because they live it. Despite Union’s best efforts, there are still places out there where the color of your skin, the sound of your voice or the sort of person you love gets you hate. Calliope’s got no time for that. We could all be sucking vacuum tomorrow, and if you can stop that from happening, or at the very least make the hours between then and now happy ones, you’re welcome, and fuck anyone who says otherwise.