The team has access to the Dragon’s Tooth HG-0451, an old IPS-N Sunfish Mk. III multirole corvette. It will serve as their transport for the entire campaign. IPS-N designed the Sunfish as an affordable corvette for civilian space administrations. It was built from the ground up as a modular platform, with a standard airframe that provided the basic necessities and a variety of expansion kits to add specific functionality. It proved so wildly popular that it went through five design revisions, and despite being nearly two centuries old is still being manufactured and supported. The Dragon’s Tooth started life as SMP Local Supply Tender 0451. It served in this function for nearly two hundred years, until it and several other corvettes were modified as part of Director Bai Zexian’s efforts to restore the strength of the militia following the Demon Winter of 4992, where nearly half the militia was lost due to defection to the Hell Hounds pirate gang or the ensuing fighting that exiled the gang from the station. As it currently stands, the Dragon’s Tooth has earned a bit of a legend throughout Calliope: it always scrapes through. It’s been in eighteen fights and taken a hit in every single one, but it’s always been on the winning side. It’s been patched up, overhauled and repaired so many times there’s not much of the original ship left. When the PCs start the campaign, the Tooth is in rough shape: it has a nearlight drive, but none of the internal equipment required to allow humans to survive a bolt. What few armaments it has are just undersized mech weapons bolted to the hull. At the start of the campaign, the ship does not have sufficient firepower to deliver Bombardment; they will have to arrange alternate means if they want use of that RESERVE. Its only major perks are its NHP-C module, which contains its pilot, Siren, and its trans-atmospheric flight suite, allowing it to enter, leave and operate within planetary atmospheres. For game convenience, the ship always has enough room to carry the entire team, even if their mechs are all Size 3 and even if it’s carrying other cargo. Give the players whatever justification you wish for this; the ship might be a cast-off from the IPS-N Fomorian project or it might have large sections stripped out to make room. Over the course of Act 1, the PCs will receive a couple of upgrade modules as reward for completing missions: the “Maelstrom” Offensive Suite (p. 166) and the “Sailfish” Nearlight Suite (p. 192). There may be an opportunity to obtain more modules in future Acts.