Despite its position on the margins of Union, Calliope is far from unknown. In fact, it might be the most wellknown system in the Long Rim, occupying space in the public consciousness far beyond its political relevance. Its largest, most profitable cultural export is mech combat. The kind of live-fire mech brutality the galaxy craves is illegal to conduct in most Union jurisdictions, but it’s perfectly legal to watch. If you’re a decent fighter, there’s money to be made making your robot punch other robots. Arenas dot the system, although the vast majority are on the Icebreaker Borealis. There are three major leagues in Calliope, known as the Three Elements. The Moon Glacier League is sponsored by the Board of Icebreaker, and as such has an extravagant budget and lavish production quality. The Thunderstorm League is sponsored jointly by SSC and IPS-N, and so tends to feature a lot of their mechs. Hell’s Gate’s Hellfire League is entirely revenue-funded with no major sponsors, so tends to be the least profitable, but is supported by a large contingent of purists who consider it a more “authentic” experience. There are also a large number of omni shows set in Calliope. It’s a popular place to set dramas and thrillers, and this contributes to Calliope’s cultural visibility. However, none of these shows are actually filmed in Calliope, nor do they employ Calliopean writers or actors, nor do Calliopeans receive any of their profits. There was a recent scandal where it came to light that Ultima Ratio Motion Pictures had built a to-scale, fully operational replica of Hell’s Gate for filming the third season of The Life Incandescent. As Calliopean political omnicaster Kady Amville put it: “they will spend so much money to not pay us any money.” Another problem arises from Calliopean representation existing almost entirely outside their control: people form opinions about Calliopeans based on what outsiders write about them. The omni dramas portray Calliope as a place rife with deprivation and violence – which, to be fair, it is. But moments of Calliopean joy, solidarity and warmth are rarely seen. There’s an almost pornographic obsession with human suffering, portraying all Calliopeans as either victims, criminals or a razor-thin margin of troubled anti-heroes. In recent years, however, Calliopeans have started to speak for themselves. Calliopean music, poetry and fiction, having already achieved subcultural success in Union, is going mainstream. The explosive popularity of Calliopean omnicasts such as Kady Amville’s Oh, And By The Way or Ipswich “Switch” DeLacey’s Live From The Long Rim have inspired other omnicasters throughout the system. The Board of Icebreaker is bankrolling its own motion picture studio, which promises to employ only local talent and writers.