Printers are expensive in both energy and materials, and the ones in Calliope are outdated, inefficient and constantly backlogged. The system’s manufacturing base is piecemeal and scattershot, with part shortages plaguing every industrial sector. In this climate, the ability to reuse existing materials or invent workarounds has become a distinct cultural virtue. Calliope’s early orbital habitats were ad hoc constructions, built by necessity with equipment and components not designed for the purpose. Once the Calliope Project knew what it was working with, prefab station kits were sent and deployed, but as the Pyrite Age drew to a close, the system’s citizens were once again forced to improvise. What was lying around had to be sufficient – there was nothing else to use. This emphasis on improvisation can be felt in every aspect of Calliope’s culture, from obvious things like the construction of stations and mechs to areas like music, art and food. Calliopean cuisine is adaptive; it has to be. You can’t stake a business on selling tomato soup every day, because tomorrow there might not be any tomatoes left. Food stands change their menus daily because people need to be fed, and they can only cook what’s available. If vent crab meat is all there is, you need to cook it, with enough nutrition that people stay healthy and enough flavor that people can force it down. Calliopean chefs can often seem like miracle workers given what they have to work with. Nu-retro-stasiscore is a music genre that samples the bland, generic, soothing music played on sleeper ships just after you wake up from stasis, then chops and remixes it into a sort of nostalgic, vibe-heavy chillout track, often with rapped vocals. One pastime is “sigdiving” – a mixture of signal analysis and hacking. Systems across the Long Rim, Calliope in particular, are full of forgotten satellites, server farms, broadcast towers, wrecks, beacons and other junk that still has active transceivers. Old transmissions are still bouncing around, picked up and rebroadcast by a vast array of repeater stations, from first-generation distress calls to the decaying comm chatter of Armory-Barony fleet battles or Pyrite Age advertisements. There’s valuable data out there, beneath terabytes of garbage. Sigdivers search for it, sifting through the noise like digital salvage crews. With knowledge of what to look for and how to look for it, you can pull blueprints, passcodes, military intelligence or even paracode out of the wavelengths. Even the less juicy stuff is still worth something; Calliope’s music scene will pay a lot for genuine recovered audio samples. A slim majority of Calliope’s sigdivers are Horizon affiliates, but HORUS claims almost as many.