To outsiders, the way people in Calliope treat names can seem whimsical or frivolous. They see people with names like Igama Igama Igama, Apricot Grinder or Priyanashi Chant-Cast, and assume Calliopeans don’t take names seriously. Calliopeans would reply that no, it’s the other way round: outsiders take names too seriously. They give them a power and a weight that isn’t due to them. A name is simply how an individual chooses to be referred to. If someone tells you their name’s Igama Igama Igama, and they’re happy for you to call them that, that’s all you need to know. Were they born with it? Probably not, but what business is it of yours? 

In the Far Plane's wild frontier, there’s few legal documents. In fact, many of its inhabitants came out here specifically to escape what their legal documents say about them. It’s polite not to dig too deeply into someone’s past – and if you’re here, there’s a good chance you want that same privacy. A time-honored Calliope tradition is the “line of sight” name. There’s a common story to this: someone comes to the Far Plane, gets asked their name, decides they have to make one up and then picks something on the spot based on what they can see, which explains names like Apricot Grinder or Zinfandel DeJean. It’s not always as sudden, though: some people pick things they see often, or that have emotional meaning to them. A similar option is to pick a name related to your job. “Chosen,” “Farmer,” “Weaver,” “Fixer,” “Ruin,” “Line” and so on are common elements of Calliopean names. Other people pick new names from their home culture, or a culture that they greatly admire. There’s an in-joke: if you want to find a Hob in Calliope, look for someone with a Elf name. Some people feel no need to hide, and keep their old name, but it doesn’t make any difference. Your name is how you choose to be known, nothing more. Children born in Calliope are given a birth name by their parents, but one of the system’s coming-of-age rituals is picking your own name. A person keeping their childhood name into adulthood is a sign of immaturity, so it’s common to see young people who haven’t decided yet going by the name “Temporary.” Calliopeans apply the same concept to identity in general. While social bonds are very important, they pay very little heed to the circumstances of one’s birth.