There is no nation in Calliope, no recognized central authority that handles security, commerce or social needs. Union, despite claiming all of life as its purview, does not recognize Calliope as a member region on a practical level. That doesn’t mean Calliope has no politics, though. Politics in Calliope are complex, omnipresent and often brutal. Trade guilds are in a constant struggle with merchants, barons and marauders. City magistrates have to contend with pirates seeking protection money, or out-of-town traders who think they can get one over on a yokel. 


#scrape
As for Union’s political coalitions, the New Solidarity Coalition is heavily invested in Calliope. In fact, Calliope is one of the NSC’s most popular examples of Union’s shortcomings in the fight for human dignity. For its more activist members, this means travelling out and helping the desperate. Unfortunately, there are also no shortage of armchair pundits content to talk about it in their omnicasts from the comfort of a core world, fundraise for their own causes and do little else. The Horizon Collective has a strong presence in the system too, both in collaboration with the NSC and on their own initiative. They differ from the NSC mostly in that Calliopeans see the NSC as a group of sometimeshelpful outsiders, while local members of Horizon tend to be seen as Calliopeans who just “have a thing.” The Verdant Social Arc maintains a modest outreach, but in truth it has more important things to worry about than some backwater that doesn’t even vote in Union elections. The Interstellar, Fourth Column and New Humanity Front are nonentities in Calliope, each considering it irrelevant for their own reasons.