The Duality of the Tyrant and the Saint, often just “the Duality”, is an ancient philosophical concept with an unclear genesis. It consists of two texts, The Tyrant Upon the Mountain and The Saint Upon the Mountain, two stories that appear to be at once the same and very different. They revolve around a character who bears no name other than “the Tyrant” or “the Saint,” respectively. The world in which the character lives is ruined by the greed, corruption and selfishness of the rich and powerful. The character possesses “a great power,” the nature of which is not elaborated upon except to note that “neither science nor faith” could explain it. The stories diverge at this point, with the Tyrant using their power to wage an unrestrained war of revenge against their oppressors, heedless of collateral damage. Meanwhile, the Saint uses their power to protect the marginalized and uplift victims of injustice. The stories converge again after each character’s respective victory. Both characters withdraw to seclusion atop a mountain, with the Tyrant leaving only to punish disobedience and the Saint never leaving at all. A commoner comes to the mountain to ask a question of the character, with both question and answer varying depending on which text is read. The commoner asks the Tyrant why, coming from a world of suffering and pain, they didn’t use their great power to heal it, instead of brutalizing it further. The Tyrant answers that they cannot trust the world to be a better place – it had the opportunity to change for itself, and it didn’t. The only world the Tyrant can imagine is a world that bows down before someone, and that someone might as well be the Tyrant. The commoner asks the Saint why, with all the good they’ve done for the world, they don’t participate in it. The Saint answers that they saw what concentrated power is capable of; it created the society they fought against. If they once again immersed themselves in the world, they fear they would feel too great a temptation to control it, under the pretext of ensuring mistakes were not made. At some point, the Saint insists, they must trust in others. Both stories end with the commoner leaving the mountain changed, the implication being that either the Tyrant or that Saint’s power has transferred to them. Where exactly the Duality comes from is a subject of massive scholarly debate. It recurs in so many distinct and physically distant cultures that its origin must be pre-Fall, but there’s no text in the Massif Vaults that closely matches it. Efforts to find or reconstruct an original version have failed. [33 ] A popular fringe theory is that it’s a “convergent meme,” an idea so fundamental that many societies will develop it independently over a long enough timescale. This isn’t as strange as it sounds; after all, the stories develop it independently over a long enough timescale. This isn’t as strange as it sounds; after all, the stories discuss fairly common human experiences. The Tyrant is a story about abuse creating abusers. The Saint is a story about planting trees whose shade you’ll never sit in. Both are stories about the fear of power changing the people who wield it. The Duality has also been derided by critics as “one of the most damaging concepts in academic philosophy,” given that it suggests that the only two paths for a revolutionary once the revolution is over are “turning into something worse” or “turning into an embittered loner.” It’s often used as a straw man for arguments against dualism in general. Another observation about the Duality is that the protagonists of both stories are obviously the same person. What appears to be two stories is, in fact, just one with two interpretations. What’s curious is that this appears to have been intentional; both parts of the Duality appear to have been the work of a single author. In the Long Rim, there’s a popular identification with the commoner: an often -overlooked character with little agency, whose only notable act is to ask a powerful entity why they’re not helping. There’s a strong association of the Saint with Union, but in an unkind way: as a weak character who could do a lot more to help if they weren’t so terrified of their own power. The Tyrant is the water barons, the pirate bands, the landlords: people stuck in the same hellscape as everyone else, using what power they have to make things even worse. In Calliope, the Duality is many things. Conmen sell ancient -looking “original texts” to the gullible. Maggies debate it to pass the time on repair jobs. Warlocks attempt to place public figures into either “Tyrant” or “Saint” categories (the weekly “why Jerry Masters is the Tyrant” meeting was forcible disbanded after 12,239 hours of furious debate).