Violence is a part of every Calliopean’s life. Calliope is a hostile place, even if not all of it is human hostility. Some people talk about the void as a malevolent thing, but whether or not you believe that, space will kill you. Even without pirates, debt collectors and black ops teams, you’re in a fight to survive every day of your life. Even the human violence isn’t always direct. Charging a price for a glass of water that someone can’t afford kills them as surely as a bullet. Forcing someone to live in squalor when you could provide them with a clean place to rest is violence, even if you aren’t beating them. Burying someone in debt isn’t violence? Find a man going grey before his time from the stress of paying his bills, and say that to his face. There’s a lot of overt human violence too. The pirates have a rule about not preying on permanent residents of Calliope, but that’s inconsistently enforced. Visitors are the juiciest targets; after all, they’re the ones bringing fresh money and goods into the system. But when there’s not many visitors, and a payment is due, any mark will do – even a fellow resident. It doesn’t end there, though. Every so often, a visitor who gets ripped off in Calliope looks to take revenge, or comes to the system looking for someone who’s hiding there. If they’re really serious about it, they bring in their own paramilitary forces. If they don’t know precisely who they’re looking for or where they’re hiding, and don’t approach their task with due care and restraint, things can get ugly real quick. Calliopeans have developed an etiquette to open violence; in fact, possibly the only true test of whether a person is “from” Calliope is whether they follow it. Calliopeans accept that violence happens, and people will get ripped off, hurt, even killed, but they have a right to fight for themselves. It goes something like this: only fight if you need to. Don’t kill unless you need to. If you need to kill someone, don’t trick them into thinking surrender is an option, and if surrender is an option, make sure everyone knows it. Given that they live in such a violent place, the residents of Calliope have also developed a lot of ways of regaining a sense of control over violence. Extreme sports are popular in the system, and no-holds-barred mech combat is one of the least exotic. From cloudskipping in the upper atmospheres of gas giants to rocket-sledding on Asphodel, Calliopeans have an endless variety of ways to voluntarily expose themselves to peril – because then, at least, the risk of death is their choice.