# The Truth
Despite the public image of competence and stability it tries to project, the Council is a mess. Every member suspects every other member of trying to pull a scam: after all, it’s what most of them are doing themselves. Anything one member suggests, others oppose on general principle. Important decisions sit paralysed by squabbling for weeks, months or even years. The city's Chancellor, Rita, is a cool, calculating woman who stays in her position through a combination of compromise and cunning. Although she’s supposed to be answerable to the city's entire populace, she is reliant on the Council to actually get anything done. This gives Rita both a great degree of operational leeway and almost none: the Council genuinely don’t care about the decisions she makes – unless they might somehow interfere with profits. Most positive changes on the Icebreaker are a result of Rita manipulating members of the Council into seeing something she wants as a scam, but one she’s letting them in on. This is how the Icebreaker has an uncensored newspaper, free canal transit and a variety of affordable public services: Rita tricked the Council into funding them, thinking it was some sort of racket they could use to get a leg up on the competition. The Council has a large mutual mercenary force to protect the station, its guests and its permanent residents, but most of the richer members retain their own private guards, just in case. The Council will probably serve as allies to the PCs, but unreliable ones. Yes, saving Calliope is a mutual interest, but how can it be monetized?

CORE MISSION
Retain the Icebreaker’s coveted reputation as the premier destination for rest and relaxation in the Far Planes.
Make a tidy profit by selling distraction as a service.
Avoid anything that’s going to scare away customers, like getting involved in region politics at all, ever.