To say that the Baronies are not well-liked in Calliope would be a dangerous understatement. They are the worst of fair-weather friends, happy to take the vast mineral riches of the region and pay a pittance for it, then abandon it when a more convenient arrangement presented itself. ^summary

This is hardly fair; the Baronies were far from the only major power to do this, after all. Holval's Kingdom was at least as guilty as the Hobs, but the Kingdom had better propagandists. The Armory’s part in the terrible hardships of the Void Age couldn’t be erased, but it could be downplayed, especially if their hated rivals the Karrakin could serve as a scapegoat. Karrakin living in Calliope (“Callikin”) have to be wary of their conduct. Calliopeans are, by and large, sensible enough to separate people from their government. But they aren’t perfect, and if someone is perceived to be flaunting Baronic loyalties too freely, they’re liable to find themselves ostracized. It doesn’t help that the definition of “flaunting Baronic loyalties too freely” often seems to be fluid. So, given the risk of prejudice, why might a Karrakin want to live here? Well, counter-intuitively, that very prejudice makes it a great place to hide. 

Anyone who can keep their mouth shut about Of the Great Houses, the Houses of Stone, Dust and petitioner Promise are the most well-represented, simply by dint of proximity to the Dawnline Shore; of that cohort, the majority are Dust refugees fleeing the nanite consumption of Bo, Dust’s homeworld. There’s also a large contingent from the House of Glass, who went into exile – voluntary or otherwise – after the fall of Creighton’s World.