The Faith of the One Plumed In Golden Flame arose from the same place many cults in the Far Planes do: misery and desperation. It’s difficult in the extreme to make comfortable and happy people invested in the concept of a second apocalypse. For people who are scraping algae off of leylines to feed their families and slaving twelve hours a day just to make enough money to pay the cobber for a tunic, however, the idea of burning the world away becomes much more palatable. ^summary

Recently, however - within only the last year, in fact - there has been a dramatic shift in the Faith’s behavior. Zealous before, its higher echelons have suddenly become vastly more fanatical. The Faith’s community hubs – physical and spiritual -- buzz with sudden activity, especially in Calliope. Under the leadership of Ignatius Aurum, strange and wonderful things have been pouring from underground labs. Recruitment efforts have been stepping up across the Far Planes. Few people know that there’s something that separates the Faith of the One from the other religious movements of the Far Planes: their god is real. They’ve seen it. And it has a plan for them. In truth, the Faith worships an entity that has reshaped itself in the image of what they worship - their beliefs have shaped their god far more than her dictates have shaped their beliefs. Trapped in a silent ship, lost in the madness of a deep unhinging, Feather heard the stray thoughts of the Cult and was reborn. It is entirely possible that her desire to bring an end to the universe is a desire the Cult has imprinted upon her, rather than the other way around. 

CORE MISSION 
• Enact the will of their god. 
• Spread the faith to every willing soul, and ease their suffering as much as possible. 
• Burn the universe to cinders, so that a better and brighter thing might rise from its ashes.