The shining jewel of the Kingdom, Ras Shamra, is a world that exemplifies Holval's worldview: frozen stagnation on one side, hellfire chaos on the other, and in the middle, a razor-thin line of beauty, civilization and order. It is this tightrope, so is the word of Holval, that Dwarf-kind must walk. ^summary

The thing about narrow passes, though, is that it’s easy to fall off. Get enough grudges on your Mark, and the Kingdom is no longer a kind and welcoming place. There are a dozen clichéd stories, but they become clichés for a reason: asked the wrong question, looked at the wrong tome, upset the wrong lord, turned down the wrong tunnel at the wrong time. Wynyard became a pariah for simply writing a poem; it could happen to you, too. Nobody tells you this, but your Mark can get to a point where it’s basically unforgivable. How can you earn redemption when the military won’t accept a “delinquent,” and no guild will employ you either? They ding you for vagrancy, but most of the better housing requires a tier of Mark you don’t have. If you live in the rural tenements, you can’t get on mainways with that many grudges. You could go to the Union. Union claims to house and feed everyone, but the Kingdom told you a lot of horror stories about the “interrogations” Union inflicts on former Kingdom citizens. Maybe that was just dwarvish propaganda, but you don’t want to take that risk. Defect to the Barons? Oh, sure, and live the rest of your life as a traitor in the one place in the universe that hates you more than your former countrymen. There are no good options. They won’t let you migrate to the Dawnline Shore, either; nobody wants a failure in the brave new world the Kingdom’s building there. But a lot of the boats heading out that way accept anyone as a shiphand, so long as you’re very clear on the fact that you’ll be getting off halfway, in the Far Planes. 
How well a former citizen of the Kingdom fits in around Calliope is determined by humility and outlook. Diehard Holval loyalists or those who look down on Far Plane residents as “savages” are unlikely to find much welcome, even among their Kingdom fellows. But others accept that, just like everyone else here, they’ve been discarded. 
Nobody who lives here is special, but everyone who lives here is important.


# The Truth
Song:
[Hammer and Anvil](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O72EcodLzhk)

