Originally a weapons manufacturer during the Long Rim’s initial land rush, Impact Dynamics engaged in a risky but ultimately successful pivot towards agriculture and hydrology when it turned out there were no habitable planets in Calliope. ^summary


# The Truth
Operating out of Impact Plaza, Impact Dynamics now produces nearly 80% of the system’s fresh water, about two-thirds of its medicine, half its food and a fifth of its air. Hell’s Gate and Furnace City produce most of their own essentials, but the Icebreaker Borealis has enough guests that it can’t support smaller settlements across the system are dependent on Impact Dynamics. Never a compassionate operation, the company has been steadily raising prices in Calliope for more than a century, causing increasing poverty and instability throughout the system’s various habitats. It invests its profits into a large, well-equipped and brutal security force to prevent the rest of Calliope from getting any ideas about equal distribution of resources. Eighteen years ago, a controlling interest in Impact Dynamics was acquired by Rodericke Steele. An omninet personality presenting himself as a successful entrepreneur, insightful new-age philosopher and selfdescribed “sexual tyrannosaurus,” Steele is in truth a compensating anthrochauvinist with a long list of catastrophic business failures behind him. Under his leadership, Impact Dynamics has taken to increasingly violent and underhanded means of securing market dominance, including openly hiring pirate gangs. Impact Dynamics will be a constant thorn in the PCs’ side throughout the campaign, funding their various enemies and gating access to basic necessities behind absurd prices. It is indirectly due to Steele’s cut-throat exploitation that the Faith of the One is so powerful, and that Calliope is in such a poor position to resist them.

#### CORE MISSION
Exploit the company’s near-monopoly on water production in the Calliope system to make obscene profits.
Secure similar monopolies or near-monopolies on food, air and medicine.
Drive local competitors out of business through the employment of pirate mercenaries.