Not a singular faction, but a general class of Calliopean, pirates are separated into two groups: irregulars and careerists, often called “moonlighters” and “sunlighters” respectively. ^summary

Irregulars are people for whom piracy is a side gig. They live in the Big Four or the smaller towns scattered across the region. Most of the time, they’re farmers, miners, builders or the cute guy running that little dumpling stall on the corner. They try to maintain a strong separation between their public and private lives; it’s not exactly going to help the popularity of your dumpling stall if people know the secret ingredient is shaking down iceships. Irregulars don’t mythologize their job. They know that they’re doing a bad thing, and justify it through necessity. Calliope’s a hard place, and you’ve got to look out for number one. They have a thing that puts food on the table. They aren’t proud of it, but at least they aren’t going hungry. They congregate in small groups, refer to each other via aliases, and try not to contact each other outside of “business hours.” Their bands don’t have names or logos; they try to avoid making a name for themselves. 

In stark contrast, careerists have openly embraced a life of piracy. If they have other jobs or talents, those are the side gigs; open sky robbery is their profession. Their identities are based around their work: they form ferocious reputations and legends for themselves, the better to intimidate their prey. They organize into bands with instantly-recognizable names, iconography and mythology. They compete to see who can earn the highest bounty, who can claim the biggest prize, who can build the fanciest ship. Being a known criminal quickly makes you unwelcome in Calliopean society, so they operate their own hangouts and lairs. These tend to be abandoned outposts from Calliope’s early colonial period, repurposed ruins seized in raids and hold-ups, or even towns under constant duress. 

The four most prominent sunlighter bands are: 
- The Hell Hounds, an overly vicious band of former moonlighters exiled from Hell's Gate, led by Andros "Hound of Hell" Capella. 
- The Burning Forge, a miner's guild that went rogue, led by Julius “The Blacksmith” Sruoga. 
- The Knights of the Dark Core, an eccentric group of image-conscious robbers with pretensions of chivalry, led by Mistress Elske. 
- The Wheel, a warlock survivalist cult led by two unchained NHPs, Triplepoint and Caustic.