There’s a strange wrinkle to Calliope’s existence: technically, someone still owns it, and nobody knows who. ^summary

The Calliope Project was formed by a cabal of nobles that invested heavily in the initial colonization of Calliope and couldn’t afford to vacate their positions when the system turned out to have no habitable planets. The original idea was to band together to absorb the financial strain of up-front losses while pivoting the system’s industry towards material extraction and refinement, although individual members had their own reasons for joining. Although the Project has been considered defunct for more than a century and a half, and most of its constituent companies have gone out of business, the Project was never officially dissolved, and still exists as a recognized entity on Union Economic Bureau databases. The colonial charters for Calliope still belong to it, as do various pieces of equipment, up to and including the CPS Borealis and the Stygia Mining Platform, now known as Hell’s Gate. So, who owns the Project? Despite the fact that Impact Dynamics was a founding member, it’s clearly not them, else they would have leveraged it against the system long ago. It unlikely to be a major corprostate because it would be a matter of public record. It’s probably a private individual – many suspect it’s Naomi Haiden-Ikaia, CEO and majority shareholder of Maddox & Haiden Inc, one of the few founding companies other than Impact Dynamics that remains in operation. However, attempts to link her portfolio to remnants of the Calliope Project have so far been fruitless. CORE MISSION • Previously: leverage the immense mineral wealth of Calliope to recoup losses incurred during the initial colonization push. • Currently: unknown.