There’s a saying about Union in Calliope: “toothless dog in a burnt down forest” – that is to say, no bark and no bite. ^summary

To many of the region’s residents, “Union’s presence in Calliope” is a punchline in itself, even though Calliope might be the Far Plane region to which the Commonwealth has committed the most resources. Most people wouldn’t consider Union’s opinion on Calliope at all relevant; either because they don’t think it has one, or because even if it did it has no way of enforcing it. This belief, cynical thought it might be, isn’t untrue. Union’s responsibilities are immense, spanning hundreds of countries and near a billion people. Calliope’s population doesn’t even top five million, in a part of the world the Commonwealth has been strongly advising people not to live in for centuries. In the Union’s view, if people won’t leave, there’s only so much they can do to help at this point. A Calliope posting is seen as a poison chalice in Union’s civil service: somewhere they send you when they have no way of denying you a promotion, but absolutely want rid of you. The Union has no Magistrate assigned to Calliope. 
The closest thing the region has is Kileyna Morton, a peer from the Bureau of Distant Affairs. Kileyna is possibly the least appreciated person in Calliope relative to the sheer amount of work they’ve done for it. For all the cruel jokes made at their expense, Calliopeans would still be paying out the nose for scrylines if Kileyna hadn’t convinced Union to build the Calliopian Palantir. The Palatir was also seen as a project of enough value to defend, hence the unprecedented stationing of a permanent Union Navy presence in a Far Planes region. Since last year, this post has been occupied by the carrier Thames, commanded by Captain Mercedes Ordaz. As a new arrival to Calliope, she’s yet to establish a rapport with Kileyna – they don’t really talk yet. 

CORE MISSION 
- Help where possible with the limited resources the Commonwealth provides. 
- Convince the Commonwealth to provide more resources