RITA SHE/HER ACTUAL STATION DIRECTOR If Rita has a last name, nobody ever says it out loud. A practical, calculating leader who grew up immersed in the Icebreaker’s ruthless politics, she looks at almost everything in her life as a problem to be solved. Despite her coldness, Rita really does have the interests of the Icebreaker’s people at heart; after all, someone has to. Of the many weapons in her arsenal, Rita’s two greatest are her ability to make her goals seem beneficial to others, and her ability to hide her motives. She knows how to make people think they came up with her schemes themselves, and she can do it without tipping her hand. These skills are essential for convincing the Board to do anything, as they perceive any idea or agenda other than their own as a threat. As Rita herself would explain it to the few people she trusts, “never have your own ideas. Just have all of theirs for them.” She’s tall and severe, with immaculately coifed black hair and a steely gaze. She wears glasses, although she doesn’t need them, and a snow-white suit with lines so sharp they’d put the Terashima Enclave to shame. She radiates an aura of effortless calm and superiority. If you were to remark to her that she’s a contrast to Jerry Masters in every single way, she’d laugh and agree with you, then frown and tell you never to compare her to him again. As an employer, Rita doesn’t micromanage. She hires people who’ve proven their competence, tells them precisely what she wants, tells them what they need to know, and then trusts them to work out how to do it. The only thing she wants is the result she asked for: how you get it is usually unimportant. She always pays what she owes promptly, and never forgets a favor.